Add an example of enrichment prior to sending to DLQ (#207)
redpanda-data/rp-connect-docs: modules/configuration/pages/error_handling.adoc

          resource: processor_3
----

> Finally, you can attach additional metadata when routing to the DLQ, such as the error message. This can be done by running a series of xref:components:processors/about.adoc[processors] before sending the data to the final xref:components:outputs/about.adoc[output].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, you can attach additional metadata when routing messages to the dead-letter queue, such as the error message. This can be done by running a series of xref:components:processors/about.adoc[processors] before sending the data to the final xref:components:outputs/about.adoc[output].
```
